# Team 22: Sprint 2 Review

## Date: 5/25/2024

## Location: Zoom

## Time: 12pm - 1pm

### Attendance:

- [x] Satvik Sriram
- [x] Jalen Chen
- [x] Warren
- [x] Alex Turco
- [x] Yi-Chan (Frankie) Chiu
- [x] Esther Xiong
- [x] Aaron Shi
- [x] Timothy Herchen
- [x] Ethan Shih
- [x] Michael Pena
- [x] Jan Kwong

### Goal:

Present our successes during the last sprint and check on any pain points.

### Agenda:

1. Complete Sprint Review

### Sprint Review

#### Root feature team

- Goal was to get root growing done
- Tim: Root growing works well. Posted a demo in #general.
- Panning and zooming works
- Warren: Got nodes working with the test points that Tim posted. Clip path works to prevent clicking hidden nodes
- Tim: have a routine which lets us position the nodes evenly along the root
- Satvik: Got assets for the background to be set -- it looks pretty clean, and works with multiple window sizes
- Jalen: Header is coming along well. Added text box and list view button. Wasn't sure how to get the logo asset
  - Satvik: Using the first logo that Michael sent a while ago.

#### Design Team

- Goal was to design three main pages: Root page, list page, document page
- Finished draft of root page, list page
- Getting started on document page -- looking for inspiration for that
- Still creating trash can for the list page.
- Satvik: Document page is where you do the typing?
  - Ethan: Yes

#### List view team

- Warren: Quill works, you can delete journal entries, tag system works
- Frankie: Finishing the basic search by title. Still doing filter by timestamp and by text.
  - Timothy: Should create some dummy data.
- Frankie: Search bar is designed but not functional

### Leftover Tasks:

- Satvik: Fixed text box and scroll bar is good
- Warren: Search not fully finished
